st1 [2495][ADD] product_archive_sold_product (#13)
qrtl/rmm-custom: product_archive_sold_product/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module does the following:
> 
> * This module is used in env where have only one product record per product
> 
> * A cron task that will "Archive" products which have met certain conditions.
> 
>   - Target products to "Archive": The product has to be a stockable or consumable product and (qty_delivered > 0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides the function to archive "sold" products with cron.

Assumptions:

* Physical products (stockable/consumable) are created per piece with no exceptions. 
* Product variant feature is not enabled (i.e. there is just one variant per template).
```
